Update documentation to better explain authorized trustline deletion (#3090)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/authorized-trust-lines.md

To use the Authorized Trust Lines feature, enable the **Require Auth** flag on your issuing account. While the setting is enabled, other accounts can only hold tokens you issue if you have authorized those accounts' trust lines to your issuing account.

> You can authorize a trust line by sending a [TrustSet transaction][] from your issuing address, configuring the trust line between your account and the account to authorize. After you have authorized a trust line, you can never revoke that authorization (unless the authorized account deletes the trustline). (You can, however, [freeze](freezes.md) that trust line if you need to.)

Reviewer: This is a little confusing since it implies that one side can unilaterally delete a trust line—not _exactly_ true.

Maybe more like this?

```suggestion
You can authorize a trust line by sending a [TrustSet transaction][] from your issuing address, configuring the trust line between your account and the account to authorize. After you have authorized a trust line, you can't revoke that authorization, but the authorization status is reset if the trust line is automatically deleted for being otherwise in its default state. (You can, however, [freeze](freezes.md) that trust line if you need to.)
```
